1980s
2.5d
2d
2d fighter
2d platformer
3d
3d fighter
3d platformer
3d vision
4 player local
4x
6dof
abstract
action
action adventure
action roguelike
action rpg
action rts
addictive
adult
adventure
agriculture
aliens
alternate history
alternative history
ambient
america
ancient greece
anime
anthropomorphism
arcade
archery
arena shooter
artificial intelligence
assassin
asynchronous multiplayer
atmospheric
atv
auto battler
automation
automobile sim
backtracking
base building
baseball
based on a novel
basketball
battle royale
beat em up
beautiful
benchmark
bikes
blood
bloody
board game
boomer shooter
boss fight
boss rush
boxing
branching storyline
brawler
building
bullet hell
bullet time
capitalism
card battler
card game
cartoon
cartoon graphics
cartoony
casual
cats
character action game
character creation
character customization
chess
choices matter
choose your own adventure
cinematic
city builder
class based
classic
clicker
co op
co op campaign
cold war
collectathon
colony sim
colorful
combat
combat based platformer
combat flight simulator
combat racing
comedy
comic book
competitive
conspiracy
construction
controller
conversation
cooking
cover system
cozy
crafting
creature collector
crime
crowdfunded
crpg
cult classic
cute
cyberpunk
cycling
dark
dark comedy
dark fantasy
dark humor
darkness
dating
dating sim
dating simulation
day/night cycle
death match
deck building
deckbuilding
deliberately retro
demons
design & illustration
destruction
detective
dialogue trees
difficult
dinosaurs
diplomacy
documentary
dog
dragons
drama
driving
dungeon crawler
dungeons & dragons
dwarf
dynamic narration
dystopian
early access
economic
economy
education
electronic
electronic music
elf
emotional
endless runner
environmental puzzles
epic
episodic
escape room
esports
experience
experimental
exploration
extraction shooter
extreme violence
falling damage
family friendly
fantasy
farming
farming sim
farming simulator
fast paced
female protagonist
fighting
film noir
first person
first person adventure
first person platforming
first person shooter
fishing
flight
flight simulator
fmv
football (american)
football (soccer)
four x
fox
fps
free to play
full motion video
funny
futuristic
gambling
game development
gamemaker
games workshop
gaming
god game
golf
good old game
gore
gothic
grand strategy
graphic adventure
great soundtrack
greek mythology
grid based movement
grinding
gun customization
hack and slash
hacking
hand drawn
hand to hand combat
hardware
heavy metal
heist
hentai
hero shooter
hex grid
hidden object
historical
hockey
horror
horses
hunting
idler
illuminati
immersive
immersive sim
in game map editor
indie
instant kill
instrumental music
interactive fiction
interactive movie
inventory management
investigation
isometric
jet
job simulator
jrpg
kickstarter
lego
lemmings
level editor
leveling up
lgbtq+
life sim
life simulation
lifesim
linear
linear gameplay
local co op
local multiplayer
logic
loot
looter shooter
lore rich
lovecraftian
macromanagement
magic
management
managerial
mars
martial arts
massively multiplayer
match 3
match three
mature
mech
mechs
medical sim
medieval
melee
memes
metroidvania
micromanagement
microtransaction
military
minigames
minimalist
mining
mmorpg
moba
mod
moddable
modern
modern military
modern warfare
moral decisions
motocross
motorbike
motorsports
mouse only
movie
moving platforms
multiplayer
multiple endings
murder
music
music and rhythm
music based procedural generation
musou
mutants
mystery
mystery dungeon
mythology
narration
narrative
narrative adventure
nature
naval
naval combat
naval warfare
ninja
noir
non violent
nonlinear
nostalgia
nsfw
nudity
offroad
old school
on rails shooter
online
online co op
online only
only on gog
open world
open world survival craft
outbreak sim
over the shoulder
parkour
parody
party
party based combat
party based rpg
party game
party system
pausable real time combat
pay to play
perma death
permadeath
persistent world
philosophical
photo editing
physics
pinball
pirates
pixel art
pixel graphics
platformer
player vs player
point & click
point and click
political
political sim
politics
polygonal 3d
post apocalyptic
precision platformer
procedural generation
procedurally generated
profanity
programming
psychedelic
psychological
psychological horror
psychological thriller
puzzle
puzzle platformer
pve
pvp
questing
quick time event
quick time events
racing
ragdoll physics
rail shooter
rally
real time
real time combat
real time tactics
real time with pause
realism
realistic
reboot
relaxing
remake
replay value
resource gathering
resource management
retro
rhythm
robots
rock music
roguelike
roguelike deckbuilder
roguelite
roguevania
role playing
roman empire
romance
rome
rpg
rpg elements
rpgmaker
rts
run and gun
runner
sailing
sandbox
satire
sci fi
science
score attack
sequel
sexual content
shmup
shoot em up
shooter
shopping
short
side quests
side scroller
side scrolling
silent protagonist
simulation
single player only
singleplayer
skateboarding
skill tree
sniper
snow
social deduction
sokoban
solitaire
souls like
soulslike
soundtrack
space
space battle
space combat
space sim
space simulation
spaceship
spaceships
spectacle fighter
split screen
sports
sprinting mechanics
star wars
stealth
steampunk
story rich
strategy
strategy rpg
stylized
submarine
super soldier
superhero
supernatural
surreal
survival
survival horror
sword & sorcery
swordplay
tabletop
tactical
tactical rpg
tactical turn based combat
tank
tanks
team based
team deathmatch
tech trees
text adventure
text based
third person
third person shooter
thriller
time attack
time management
time manipulation
time travel
top down
top down perspective
top down shooter
touch friendly
tower defense
trackir
trading
trading card game
traditional roguelike
trains
transhumanism
transportation
trivia
truck simulator
turn based
turn based combat
turn based rpg
turn based strategy
turn based tactics
tutorial
twin stick control
twin stick shooter
two dimensional
typing
underground
underwater
unforgiving
useable vehicles
vampire
vehicle combat
vehicular combat
vikings
villain protagonist
violence
violent
virtual life
visual novel
volleyball
voxel
vr
walking simulator
war
wargame
warhammer 40k
wasd movement
well written
werewolves
western
wholesome
wizards
world map
world war i
world war i   ww1
world war ii
world war ii   ww2
wrestling
zombies
